thank Star Wars is the first time that
you get to experience the world of Star
Wars controller free this is the style
of game for everyone facing mode does
actually dance mode but you can act out
as a dancer just pick a game whatever
you feel like that day and this game has
it it's Master Yoda
the first modes of course Jedi destiny
all these kind of things that you've
always seen in the Star Wars movies that
Jedi's do you're able to live out that
in front of the TV in front of the
Kinect the number one thing about the
game is that you it really makes you
feel like a Jedi the lightsaber singular
tool of the Jedi start off as a Padawan
you experienced all those things that
you would expect if you were becoming a
Jedi Yoda is there to kind of take you
on as your first journey to teach you
what it's like to be a Jedi begin now
your training does with Kinect we can
act out your Jedi you can hit with your
lightsaber you can force push people you
know feel the force and you feel
absolutely immersed in the universe
you have all kinds of vehicles in Kinect
Star Wars podracing is the most
dangerous sport in the universe and you
can really feel it
you're physically driving apart and
hitting our pod driver so you jump up
over off at all so it's really really
pretty for that way
you get to become a ranked or something
you've never done in any Star Wars
get to kind of jump around and terrorize
the citizens of moss eisely another mode
which was really gonna appeal to other
members within the family there's a
dance mode dance is inspired by the
Jabba the Hutt scene you'll see some
familiar characters like the Twilight's
doing custom dance moves
there's a lotta stall juh with Star Wars
the characters that we love the music
even the look of the game Kinect lets
you act out and be in that universe like
nothing you've ever been able to do
everybody likes different people and
different places and different times and
this game does all of it you believe for
the first time that you're really
stepping into the world of Star Wars and
I think it's one of those moments that
people will remember long after they're
done playing the game may the force